[Music]
you're credible to understand I'm
serious you guys done it without you
spend an extra base warm you promised
your home cause I'm filling up yeah oh
cool let's get looking in there
let's keep your head now turn around
[Music]
so I told you about my brother yet
something happened I don't know exactly
what she's been arrested being held at
Rikers Island oh my god that's awesome
just got to get him out of it before
something bad happens you get killed in
this
another tan grant you get another 10
grand your butt will get out
I think something very important
happening and deeply connected to my
purpose every day I think about on
twisting an opportunity these strings
I'm in to lead a Pure Life
look ahead and clear sky ain't gonna get
there
it's a nice dream
it's an ice cream
[Music]
Oh